very well indeed it is damp antennas a
very dangerous competitor big nasty
drawing with a fans Dan vendetta has
regained new life here he comes now fans
are getting behind him he's got to knock
this big man out but i'm not sure he can
do it mr. news baller here comes in
mildly off the ropes taking nearly
taking him down with a clothesline holes
he capitated him coming off again and
again big nasty did not go off his feet
third time is that yes taking down ball
big man that's the power all day and
then didn't no doubt about it Taylor
goes for the cover this could be it one
dinner any burning kicked out just in
the nick of time and now Dan vendetta's
gotta be asking himself what does he
have to do to put away the men know his
big nephi he's getting desperate now
going to the top turnbuckle this could
be disastrous high crossbody did not get
all of it but certainly got enough
driving big pasties head to the canvas
dan Molly injured himself as well that's
why it's called high risk no doubt about
it big time flying crossbody Taylor then
goes for the cover it could be it too
and big mess and take that dripped in a
nick of time you see the frustration
here in the face of their motley
figuring that mr. DeMarco cata too slow
headbutt again by Penn Molly I'm not
sure if that was very smart earlier the
head by had no effect in fact it injured
in motley Molly now got him in the
corner in a very precarious position
follows it up with a clothesline iren
Irish whip variation now sending him in
again whipping the big man pillar to
post I can't believe what I'm seeing but
dan molly is almost like a Superman in
this matchup he charges in Punk gets
caught would there was something
big nasty had something in his hand i'm
not sure what it was bizarre used but
referee DeMarco indeed so and that is
going to be our disqualification no
doubt about it you see then Molly was
getting a best a big nasty Taylor and
big nasty took a running clothes on iris
with by big Dan